Documentation improvements (#1295)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: collector/benchmarks/README.md

- **regex**: See above. This is an older version of the crate.
- **piston-image**: See above. This is an older version of the `image` crate.
- **style-servo**: An old version of Servo's `style` crate. A large crate, and
  one used by old versions of Firefox. Built with `--features=gecko`.
- **syn**: See above. This is an older version (0.11.11) of the crate.
- **tokio-webpush-simple**: A simple web server built with a very old version
  of tokio. Uses futures a lot, but doesn't use `async`/`await`.

# How to update/add/remove benchmarks

## Add a new benchmark

> - Decide on which category it belongs to.

Reviewer: Can we give a short summary of how to do this?

> As a loose rule, if the benchmark is a real-world crate from crates.io, then it's likely `primary` while if it's meant to stress the compiler or prevent severe performance regressions, it's likely `secondary`.

- If it's a third-party crate:
  - If you are keen: talk with a maintainer of the crate to see if there is
    anything we should be aware of when using this crate as a compile-time
    benchmark.
  - Look at [crates.io](https://crates.io) to find the latest (non-prerelease) version.
  - Download it with `collector download -c $CATEGORY crate $NAME $VERSION`.

>     The `$CATEGORY` is probably `primary`.

Reviewer: For those unfamiliar this might just be confusing. It's probably fine though if we add a short summary of how to decide on a category like I suggested above.

- It makes it easier for reviewers if you split things into two commits.

> - In the first commit, just add the new code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the first commit, just add the new benchmark as is (there's no need to remove seemingly unnecessary files such as documentation, CI configuration, etc.).
```

  - Do this by doing `git add` on the new directory.
- In the second commit, do everything else.
  - Add `[workspace]` to the very bottom of the benchmark's `Cargo.toml`, if
    doesn't already have a `[workspace]` section. This means commands like
    `cargo build` will work within the benchmark directory.
  - Add any necessary stuff to the `perf-config.json` file.
    - If the benchmark is a sub-crate within a top-level crate, you'll need a
      `"cargo_toml"` entry.
    - If you get a "non-wrapped rustc" error when running it, you'll need a
      `"touch_file"` entry.

>   - Consider adding one or more `N-*.patch` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Consider adding one or more `N-*.patch` files to support benchmarking incremental patched scenarios.
```

    - If it's a primary benchmark, you should definitely do this.

>     - Creating the diff against what you've committed so far might be useful.

Reviewer: We maybe should mention that diffs are typically just adding a `println!("testing");` or some similar very small change.

Reviewer 2: we could even link to some of the existing benchmark patches if you want to show precise examples

      Use `git diff` from the repository root, or `git diff --relative` within
      the benchmark directory. Copy the output into the `N-*.patch` file.

>     - Do a test run with an `IncrPatched` scenario to make sure the patch

Reviewer: Should we say how to do a local run here? This has the potential to get out of sync with other docs, but might be helpful:

```
target/release/collector bench_local +nightly --id Test --profiles=Check --scenarios=IncrPatched --include=$NEW_BENCHMARK
```

      applies correctly.
  - `git grep` for occurrences of the old benchmark name (e.g. in
    `.github/workflows/ci.yml` or `ci/check-*.sh`) and see if anything similar
    needs doing for the new benchmark... usually not.
  - Add the new entry to `collector/benchmarks/README.md`. Don't remove the
    entry for the old benchmark yet.
- Compare benchmarking time for the old and new versions of the benchmark.
  (It's useful to know if the new one is a lot slower than the old one.)
  - First, consider the entire compilation time with something like this, by
    doing this within the benchmark directory is good:
    ```

>     CARGO_INCREMENTAL=0 cargo check ; \rm -rf target

Reviewer 2: we could even have `cargo clean` instead of the `rm`, à la `cargo clean && CARGO_INCREMENTAL=0 cargo check`

    CARGO_INCREMENTAL=0 cargo build ; \rm -rf target
    CARGO_INCREMENTAL=0 cargo build --release ; \rm -rf target
    ```

>     Put this info in the commit message.

Reviewer 2: do we need this in the commit message, or just the PR description itself ?
